Attach info regarding SMTP timeouts (#1299)
saleor/saleor-docs: docs/developer/app-store/apps/smtp/overview.mdx

- Emails use the default language of the Saleor instance. Using translations is not supported yet. [Issue link](https://github.com/saleor/apps/issues/726)
- The order refunded event is not supported yet. [Issue link](https://github.com/saleor/apps/issues/728)
- The fulfillment updated event is not supported yet. [Issue link](https://github.com/saleor/apps/issues/729)

> - Your SMTP server must respond in maximum 4 seconds. Othwerwise, the application return the timeout and your email will not be sent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Your SMTP server must respond in a maximum 4 seconds. Otherwise, the application returns the timeout and your email will not be sent.
```

Please use Grammarly or a similar tool when writing updates to docs.
